Add changes related to new SMPP inbound endpoint UI schema (#1094)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-inbound-endpoint-example.md

         <log level="custom">
            <property xmlns:ns="http://org.apache.synapse/xsd"
                      name="MessageId"
                      expression="get-property('SMPP_MessageId')"/>
            <property xmlns:ns="http://org.apache.synapse/xsd"
                      name="SourceAddress"
                      expression="get-property('SMPP_SourceAddress')"/>
            <property xmlns:ns="http://org.apache.synapse/xsd"
                      name="DataCoding"
                      expression="get-property('SMPP_DataCoding')"/>
            <property xmlns:ns="http://org.apache.synapse/xsd"
                      name="ScheduleDeliveryTime"
                      expression="get-property('SMPP_ScheduleDeliveryTime')"/>
            <property xmlns:ns="http://org.apache.synapse/xsd"
                      name="SequenceNumber"
                      expression="get-property('SMPP_SequenceNumber')"/>
            <property xmlns:ns="http://org.apache.synapse/xsd"
                      name="ServiceType"
                      expression="get-property('SMPP_ServiceType')"/>
         </log>
         <log level="full"/>
      </sequence>
      ```
   

> 3. Click `+` button next to `Inbound Endpoints` and select `SMPP` to add a new **SMPP inbound endpoint**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the **+** button next to **Inbound Endpoints** and select **SMPP** to add a new SMPP inbound endpoint.  
```

>     <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-create-new-inbound-endpoint.png" title="Creating smpp inbound endpoint" width="1000" alt="Creating smpp inbound endpoint" style="border:1px solid black"/>

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/bd323c792fc8c9853e9def595bfbd180207efb6b

    <br/>

> 4. Configure the SMPP inbound endpoint as shown below and click `Create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure the SMPP inbound endpoint as shown below and click **Create**.
```

>     <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-config-endpoint-1.png" title="Configure SMPP inbound endpoint 1" width="1000" alt="Configure SMPP inbound endpoint 1" style="border:1px solid black"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-config-endpoint-1.png" title="Configure SMPP inbound endpoint 1" width="1000" alt="Configure SMPP inbound endpoint 1"/>
```

Please remove additional styling from all the images.

Author: resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/0e1b408369ae7139a985eb7ebb70d92547f19c12

    <br/>
   
    !!! Note
        When creating the SMPP inbound endpoint you have two options in defining the injecting sequence and error sequence.

>         <br/>- **Automatic** : Click the checkbox *Automatically generate sequence*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <br/>- **Automatic**: Click the *Automatically generate sequence* checkbox
```

Author: resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/0e1b408369ae7139a985eb7ebb70d92547f19c12

>         <br/>- **Manual** : You can select already defined sequences as injecting and error sequences.

Author: resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/0e1b408369ae7139a985eb7ebb70d92547f19c12

        <parameters xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
            <parameter name="inbound.behavior">eventBased</parameter>
            <parameter name="sequential">true</parameter>
            <parameter name="coordination">true</parameter>
            <parameter name="host">localhost</parameter>
            <parameter name="port">2775</parameter>
            <parameter name="systemId">pavel</parameter>
            <parameter name="password">wpsd</parameter>
            <parameter name="bindType">BIND_RX</parameter>
            <parameter name="addressTon">UNKNOWN</parameter>
            <parameter name="addressNpi">UNKNOWN</parameter>
            <parameter name="enquireLinkTimer">10000</parameter>
            <parameter name="transactionTimer">200</parameter>
            <parameter name="reconnectInterval">1000</parameter>
            <parameter name="retryCount">3</parameter>
            <parameter name="exponentialFactor">5</parameter>
            <parameter name="maximumBackoffTime">10000</parameter>
        </parameters>
    </inboundEndpoint>
    ```        

!!! Note

>     To configure the `systemId` and `password` parameter value, please use the steps given under the topic `Configure the SMSC (Short Message Service Center) simulator` in the [Setting up the SMPP Connector ]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-connector-configuration/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To configure the `systemId` and `password` parameter values, see [Configure the SMSC]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-connector-configuration/#configure-the-smsc-short-message-service-center-simulator).
```

Author: resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/0e1b408369ae7139a985eb7ebb70d92547f19c12

>     <br/>- **systemId** : username to access the SMSC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <br/>- **systemId**: The username to access the SMSC
```

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/c16e88e3402822423bda242f91707d64a80a3cd4

>     <br/>- **password** : password to access the SMSC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <br/>- **password**: The password to access the SMSC
```

1. Navigate to the [connector store](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/esbconnector/list) and search for `SMPP Connector`. Click on `SMPP Inbound Endpoint` and download the .jar file by clicking on `Download Inbound Endpoint`. Copy this .jar file into **PRODUCT-HOME/lib** folder. 

2. Download  [jsmpp-2.1.0-RELEASE.jar](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.googlecode.jsmpp/jsmpp/2.1.0-RELEASE) and [asyncretry-jdk7-0.0.6.jar](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.nurkiewicz.asyncretry/asyncretry-jdk7/0.0.6) copy inside **PRODUCT-HOME/lib** folder.

    !!! Tip

>         Alternatively for deployment step 1 and 2, MI for VS Code has provided the capability of copying jars to **PRODUCT-HOME/lib** folder while exporting the capp. You can copy necessary jars to **deployment/libs** folder under project explorer view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Alternatively, for deployment steps 1 and 2, MI for VS Code provides the capability to copy JARs to the `<PRODUCT_HOME>/lib` folder while exporting the CApp. You can copy the necessary JARs to the **deployment** > **libs** folder in the **Explorer** view.
```

Author: resolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1094/commits/0e1b408369ae7139a985eb7ebb70d92547f19c12
